Clarify local changeset instructions (#1712)
hashicorp/design-system: README.md

yarn changeset version
```

For this step to complete successfully you'll need to keep in mind the following:

First, create a personal access token [in GitHub](https://github.com/settings/tokens). The name could be anything e.g. `design-system`, with `read:user` and `repo:status` scopes, and then add the token to a `.env` file in the project's root.

```bash
GITHUB_TOKEN=YOUR-TOKEN-HERE
```

> Second, because this command relies on reading information about the change from GitHub, it only works if the changeset files already exist in PRs there. The best option for this is to target an existing `Version Packages` PR branch and run the command against that branch locally.

Reviewer: > to target an existing `Version Packages` PR branch

I don't think this works, because in that case the `yarn changeset version` command has already run:
<img width="610" alt="screenshot_3150" src="https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/assets/686239/6581f345-1b1b-4da3-86dc-4b2ec81c497f">

```suggestion
Second, because this command relies on reading information about the change from GitHub, it only works if the changeset files already exist in PRs there. The best option for this is to target an existing PR branch (with a changeset) and run the command against that branch locally.
```

Author: 🤦  you're right, I got confused with the example we looked at yesterday. Thanks for catching that.
